Warning about DKIM under specific configuration (#9783)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/use-dkim-to-validate-outbound-email.md

- Look for the Authentication-Results header. While each receiving service uses a slightly different format to stamp the incoming mail, the result should include something like **DKIM=pass** or **DKIM=OK**.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The DKIM signature is **omitted** under any of these conditions:

> > - both the sender and the recipient email address use the same domain;
> > - both the sender and the recipient email address use different domains that are controlled by the same organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Both the sender and the recipient email address use the same domain.
> - Both the sender and the recipient email address use different domains that are controlled by the same organization.
```

>

> > In both cases, the header will look like something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In both cases, the header will look similar to this:
```
